-----                                                         First Release:    11/6/98
Brawn
-----

Brawn is a variation of the Quake2 PPM called 'Morbo' (also by me). Brawn is a new
skin for the model, a new icon, a new weapon (and skin), a set of sound effects and
a 'background' story for the character.

Author:

    Rowan "Sumaleth" Crawford

    Email:                  sumaleth@frag.com
    Fun Web:                http://impact.frag.com
    Work Web:               http://www.animagrafx.com.au
    Cool Web Hosters:       http://www.frag.com

    Past Quake Projects:    Quake Rally, Quess, Morbo, Zumlin.

Sound Effects:

    Sound effects author:   Eric "redchurch" vonRothkirch
    Email:                  Electro-emoboy@msn.com
    Project Page:           http://planetquake.com/thecoven/

Special Note:

    The Brawn files are completely interchangable with the Morbo files, so, for example,
    if you decided you wanted to use Brawns weapon with the Morbo PPM, you can simply
    copy them over.

Installation:

    The zip file must be extracted into the location of your quake2/ directory
    (ie. NOT into the quake2/ directory - the one before it). The paths in the
    zip are quake2/baseq2/players/morbo/ so if you don't unpack into the right
    location it won't work.

    Once extracted, Morbo will automatically appear in the player selection
    field of the Multiplayer Options menu. Of course, it's only the other
    players that get to see you as Morbo so it really only works in multiplayer games.

    If someone is using Morbo and you don't have this model then you will simply see
    them as the regular Quake2 player models, and visa versa.

    Please note that there is a little problem with Quake2 and PMP's whereby
    if you have any files in the /quake2/baseq2/players/ directory which AREN'T
    real player model directories, then Q2 usually won't let you select additional
    players from the Multiplayer menu. So if Morbo doesn't show up for selection,
    just check there are no files in that directory.

    Don't send bug reports please and please don't email me saying you can't get
    it working.

Whats it all about then?

    I wanted to do a new skin for my old Morbo PPM, but after doing all that work
    I decided to keep going and basically make a new PPM out of the old shell. A cheating
    way to make a new PPM really, but thats life :).

Important Stuff:

    Morbo and all associated files are copyright of Rowan Crawford. Quake2 is copyright
    of id Software.

    You are free to spread Morbo far and wide although you are not allowed to make
    money from Morbo in any way, shape or form.

    Everyone is completely free to make additional skins for Morbo, in fact I encourage
    it! You can even use my skin as a basis if you like, as most people do with the
    Quake skins. Please don't send me skins you have made for Morbo, instead send them
    to Dragon at http://qwcentral.stomped.com who maintains the Quake2 skin packs.
    Be sure to check the rules of submission on his page first.

    The skin layout is one of the things I put down to a "learning experience" because
    while it looks pretty neat, it actually turned out to be a BITCH to paint on. Especially
    the hands. Oh well, sorry about that, next time will be better :).

    Thanks to everyone who helped out.


- Rowan 'Sumaleth' Crawford
