                              QNN NEWS


     Hi! Welcome to the Twenty Questions program here on the QNN network.  I am your
host Major Grunt and we are here today with a previously recorded  interview with the IPPM
Faith "Fae "Hottie.

MG:  Hi Hottie, how are you today?

FH:  I fine Major. Did that question count as one of your twenty questions?

MG:  Er... No. It was just an introductory remark. So tell me Hottie, How did you come to be a  
     Quake2 model.

FH:  Well, I My progenitors had planned to build another type of model. I was supposed to be   
     merely a practice model for them to sharpen their skills. However their plans to build the
     other model fell through.   Thus they were left with me.  Not wanting to waste all of the
     hard work they had put into me, and due to the fact they were  impressed by what they
     had accomplished with me, they decided to finish me as a Quake2 IPPM 

MG:  What does IPPM stand for?

FH:  If I told you that I'd have to frag you and I'm a little low on my frag count today.....

MG:  Er... Never mind.  Hottie because you are based off of someone else's mesh do you feel
     that you may be a little unoriginal?

FH:  No, not really. When you been meshed by the best,  the Evil B. Why screw with
     perfection?   

MG:  I see. Hottie, who are these silicone based monsters I hear that you are trying to frag.

FH:  They are the Crackwhores, the Playmates and any other members of the 3B club.

MG:  3B club?

FH:  The Big Breasted Bimbos club. 3B, get it?

MG:  Oh, I see. And why do you want to frag them?
 
FH:  Look at them, Anything that looks like that is completely unnatural. Therefore they must
     be silicone based like the Strogg who invaded us a few years ago.  Besides the
     Crackwhores are usually the best in death match, and I want to frag the best!!

MG:  Hmm.... Since you feel that way I guess your Fantasy frag would be Laura Croft.

FH:  Not really.  Laura is just a working girl like me.

MG:  Who would you fantasy Frag be then?

FH:  Barbie, she started all in this in the late fifties. I bet she is the true Strogg queen.

MG:  I see.  Hottie, if you could create one Quake2 model who would it be?

FH:  Kevin Sorbo of Hercules.

MG:  Why Him?

FH:  Why not? He's the Hottiest  looking guy on TV right now. And I believe me, I know Hot! 

MG:  Now Hottie, what is it you bring that is new to the Quake2 scene?

FH:       Well I come with a pistol pack which is something no one has really done before.  All of
          my pistols are shrunken down Quake2 standard weapons.

MG:  Speaking of Quake, do you plan to make an appearance in Quake3?

FH:  Yes I do. I'll be in my own original mesh too. 

MG:  Do you plan to make an appearance in other 3d games? 

FH:  Well I might make the jump to Half Life or Shogo  if the proper tools become available
     soon.

MG:  Hottie I've noticed you come with a lot of skins.  Do you think you might have too many
     skins?

FH:  Hey!! Since when is it wrong for a girl to have a lot of clothes? A girl needs to look good
     while she's fragging the competition! 

MG:  Uh... ok. Hottie, in regards to your Quake2 skins I have noticed that some of your skins
     are well rather brightly colored.  Why is that?

FH:       Well Major, as you know  in nature bright colors means danger don't touch.  I am just
          trying to let the competition know who they are dealing with during death match play.  

MG:  I see. Um.. Hottie, some of us have also noticed that in most of your outfits you are
     wearing gloves.  Why is that?

FH:  I don't like getting my hands dirty. Besides, I might break a nail.

MG:  Hmmm....  Well Hottie, many of our viewers has wondered why you don't have a holster
     and how you are able to get your pistol to stick to your side. Any answers?

FH:       Isn't that two questions Major?

MG:  Uh, We'll count it as one. OK?

FH:  Ok, Well, in regards to why I don't have a holster I simply don't like them.  Their
     presence on my suits would ruin the look of the outfits I wear.  As to how I get the gun to
     stick to my side, that's easy. Velcro. 

MG:  Uh.... ok,  Hottie, are you an innie or an outtie?

FH:  I am an innie.

MG:  Here is our last question for the evening Hottie. Do you have a personal motto which you
     live by?

FH:  Yes there is Major. I believe anything worth doing is worth doing to excess on occasion.

MG:  Thanks Hottie.

FH:  My pleasure Major.

MG:  Well that raps up this edition of Twenty Questions here on QNN.  Tune in next week
     when we interview a Crackwhore who has already prescreened Hottie's interview.  Here is
     an excerpt from next week's show.

CW:  That little flat chested (Bleep).  Who does that little (bleep) (bleep) (bleep) think she
     (bleep) is calling me silicone based?  Why I'm gonna ram my boot so far up her
     (Bleep)(Bleep)(Bleep) she'll be able to brush her (bleep) teeth with it.

FIN.  