So what IS Doom unleashed???

It's just that!  It's the Doomguy unleashed upon the Quake II world, with all his means of pain and gibbing at his disposal.  What it does is it makes any Quake II single player or Deathmatch game FEEL more like Doom!

Here's the story part, to give you a background on the weapons adaptations.  Relax, it's short.  I know you want to frag, not read, but this kind of ties it all together! =)

*** Doom Unleashed

Well, it's been 15 years since I fought the armies of Hell back into the pit that spawned them.  15 long damn years, and what do I have to show for it?  Nobody believed my story when I told the brass what happened.  They laughed at me.  "One man!  YOU, a GRUNT, stopped the Hell invasion?  If I didn't find your story amusing, and if your armor didn't have at least one bullet hole I'd courtmartial you for going AWOL back there of Phobos when your whole squad got 86ed, but it looks like you saw SOME action so I'll cut you some slack Sargeant...."

Yeah, that SOB General Rutherford cut me all the way out to Europa Station.  Mars was bad enough!  Still, it had to be done, and us unsung heros are heros none the less.  Guess there has to be a pretty good spot in heaven for any guy who beats out Satan!

Little did I know what was coming next.  15 years out here in the middle of nowhere had given me time to think, and reflect on my experiences.  I kept having nightmares, dreams over and over again of yet another great evil coming to the earth.  Then one day, I had the vision.  Bodies upon bodies, being crushed under the mechanized treads of some kind of cybernetic warlord.  I saw myself there, again alone, all of humanity standing behind one man...  No, not again.  HELL NO, not ME, not again!

Thank goodness my quartermaster wasn't an arrogant prick like Ruthorford.  He let me keep all my old weapons, souveniers from the last war.  Most of them were being phased out, the Mark IV Plasma Gun being replaced by the new Hyperblasters.  I still say those damn things are NO GOOD in the field.  They DID improve the BFG though!  Made it more of a "smart" weapon, attacking anything it passes by with tracer rays.  Only catch is it takes more juice and travels about half as fast.  It does have a nice blast radius though!

It took me about 6 months, but between myself and Doctor Bradley we were able to increase the power and efficiency of my old Plasma Gun.  It's just as strong as one of those damn hyperblasters, but doesn't overheat, and needs no moving parts.  The plasma is yellow now.  Bradley says it's from a spectral shift caused by increasing the flux frequency.  Whatever.  And they FINALLY got my BFG updated to the new specs!  It took them long enough.  Those engineers down in Sector C test labs can do anything.  How they converted a 9000 into a 10k I don't even want to know.  As long as it doesn't fritz out on me, I'm happy.

Heh, my old chainsaw.  Who would have guessed a little black magic could turn it into a devastating piece of machinery!  That heart I to ripped from the Archvile as a trophy in the heat of battle had some qualities I wasn't aware of until I ran across that text in the Unholy Cathedral.  Who would have believed I could get it to fire bullets just like the new Sokoyo Industries Gatlings!  Can't get those this far out, and my chainsaw weighs half as much anyway.  Now if I could have only run across a spell to make a grouchy old general into a nice guy...  Like they'd have THAT in Hell!

The new issued grenade launcher always seemed a little over complicated and bulky for my tastes.  The old M203's they used to pack on M16's were compact, and took the same time to load by hand as these automatic gizmos.  It didn't take too much effort to make my rappeling hook launcher pop pills out.  The hook trigger pin lines right up with the grenade primer, and I only had to shim the cylinder about a milimeter to get the right gas compression seal.  Shoots just as far too, and the recoil is manageable.  Wish they HAD issued launchers back on Mars, but the UAC NEVER requisitioned grenades for our company.  Said explosives were too hazardous to their experiments.  As if the experiments weren't hazardous?  Good thing they had enough experimental rocket launchers and other goodies floating around the bases, or I would have never made it!

I finally got my railgun too.  Took long enough to arrive.  It's made by Armco instead of Sokoyo, so it's a different model.  Sleeker and newer than the issue "Red Sluggers" that I trained with since I got back.  I like it, it's almost identical to my old Sig rifle.  Well balanced and fits me nice.  Guess there's still some aesthetics left in weapon design after all.

Oh, I better not forget my sidearm.  Bradley was able to build me a blaster with the same feel and weight as my old .50 Desert Eagle.  The new ones are just too light!  He got it to fire plasma instead of regular blaster bolts, and the funny thing is the compression wave sounds JUST like my old pistol.  I wish I hadn't lost my gun fighting that damn spider, though.  This will have to do, and an inexhaustable ammo supply is something I have always dreamed of.  That incident with the imp still gives me shivers.  Boxing is hard enough as it is, but when your opponent is 6'8 and 350 lbs of pure demonic muscle, AND throws fireballs, it's a bit of a one sided contest, and I have the scar from the 6 inch gash to prove it...

Well, last thing to add to my journal.  We received word from Earth this morning.  The Strogg have invaded.  Millions are dead.  Then I saw it on the intel feed - the Warlord, rolling over the bodies.  Little children spread around in pieces...  It's here.  They gave us orders that we are to secure this base, nobody goes on the counter attack.  Like hell.  My buddy is on leave, and his fighter is in bay 6.  He let me fly it a few times, and I know the activation codes, AND the location of the black hole jump gate.  They probably grabbed him for the drop mission anyway while he was back on earth.  I guess it's back to Hell all over again, but I've fought the Army of Darkness and won.  These Strogg better watch it, for I am the mean Space Marine that fought my way out of certain Doom, and lived to tell of it.  How can a few cyborgs be any worse than what I faced before?

It's time to load my gear.  Hope he doesn't mind that I'll probably trash his ship.  Never was good at landings.  Well my friend, I owe you one, and incase I don't make it back this time, you get first dibs on my gear.

And Good luck Bitterman, to both of us.