                         The Name is--->SHOGUN 

Shogun Model---MY Second...Ive learned alot--and watch out!...I'm still learning. 
5 Skins by Brett Brown....I AM SOOOO WAITING FOR SKINED AND THE NEW NST!!!!!!
Sounds--ALL ORIGINAL--YES ITS MY VOCAL CHORDS-- by Brett Brown 
Model by Brett Brown
RELEASED 4/7/98

This model is inspired by ancient Japanese armaments.

Installation:  Unzip the Shogun into your quake2/baseq2/players/Shogun (yes create a 
	       directory named Shogun).  You must use a decompressor with long file
	       names capability.  WHAT HAPPENS IF I DON'T?  Some of the sound file names will
	       be shortened and you won't hear the new sounds.
               
               If you have trouble getting it to show up in the
               multiplayer menu, make sure you have NO files
               (besides the directories) in quake2\baseq2\players!
		

Tools used:  Quake2 modeller (yes the entire thing--I know I'm Amazing)
             Paint shop PRo
             NST
	     Photoshop

Time spent:  Bout two months
             

Other Projects:

	 Currently I am working on a total mod for quake as a first step in creating
a viable forum for internet negotiation.  The aim is for lawyers to be able to negotiate in 
an appropriate forum from anywhere in the world as long as they have a computer....The mod is
only to accompany a proposal I am working on and will only be an example of what could possibly
be an exciting project if all goes well.  Yes I will make the forum available to clans who would
like to negotiate disagreements with other clans....LOL. Actually that sounds fun.  I am working
on a player model who wears a suit, has a brief case etc.  The forum is based on the indian treaty
room in washington.
             
email:   Binsoc@cyberenet.net
	 Please send your feedback
	 Comments or Job offers (LOL) I'm a law student who's fightin the suit and tie thing..	

PLEASE CHECK OUT ROTATE.BSP its a terrific DM i created.  It can be found at
ftp://www.cdrom.com/pub/idgames2 in the dm section for quake 2
If you visit rotate and tell me about it I will update you on my upcoming model.  
